c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Mixer.exe.config
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Mixer.exe
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Mixer.pdb
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.dll
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.dll
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.xml
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.xml
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.xml
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.xml
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.g.resources
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.exe
c:\users\marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\obj\Debug\Mixer.pdb
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SoundGenerator.dll
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SoundGenerator.pdb
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Marina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mixer\Mixer\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
